## react-redux-boilerplate-2018

## Starting the dev server

Make sure you have the latest Stable or LTS version of Node.js installed.

1. `git clone https://github.com/RomanBednyakov/react-redux-boilerplate-2018.git`
2. Run `npm install` or `yarn install`
3. Start the dev server using `npm start`
3. Open [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080)

## Available Commands

- `npm start` - start the dev server
- `npm clean` - delete the dist folder
- `npm run production` - create a production ready build in `dist` folder
- `npm run lint` - execute an eslint check
- `npm test` - run all tests
- `npm run test:watch` - run all tests in watch mode
- `npm run coverage` - generate code coverage report in the `coverage` folder

## Vendor Exporting

You can export specific vendors in separate files and load them. All vendors should be included in `app/vendors` and will be exported in a `vendors` folder under `dist`. The main idea is to serve independent JavaScript and CSS libraries, though currently all file formats are supported.

! Don't forget to add the vendors in `app/index.html` and `build/index.html`.

## Code Coverage

The project is using the Jest Code Coverage tool. The reports are generated by running `npm run coverage`. All configurations are located in `package.json`, inside the `jest` object.

The coverage report consists of an HTML reporter, which can be viewed in the browser and some helper coverage files like the coverage json and xml file.

## Production code

Run `npm run production`. The production-ready code will be located under `dist` folder.

## Licence

_react-webpack-boilerplate_ is available under MIT.
